Docs: Update spotless apply command for non-default versions (#6101)
apache/iceberg: README.md

* To invoke a build and run tests: `./gradlew build`
* To skip tests: `./gradlew build -x test -x integrationTest`
* To fix code style: `./gradlew spotlessApply`
  The above command applies to default versions. 

>   Need to pass the non-default versions via `-DsparkVersions`, `-DflinkVersions`, `-DhiveVersions` argument

Reviewer: you might want to mention an example as well: `./gradlew spotlessApply -DflinkVersions=1.13,1.14,1.15 -DsparkVersions=2.4,3.0,3.1,3.2,3.3 -DhiveVersions=2,3`.

Author: I intentionally didn't add the example thinking that we need to modify the `ReadMe.md` each time we change the version number.  (when a new version is added or the old version is removed)

But thinking more about it, maybe it is ok to add it. 

I have added it now.

* To invoke a build and run tests: `./gradlew build`
* To skip tests: `./gradlew build -x test -x integrationTest`
* To fix code style: `./gradlew spotlessApply`

>   The above command applies to default versions. 
>   Need to pass the non-default versions via `-DsparkVersions`, `-DflinkVersions`, `-DhiveVersions` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To fix code style for non-default versions, the following flags need to be passed: `-DsparkVersions`, `-DflinkVersions`, `-DhiveVersions`.
```
